README.md, before:

# Vic Solution Incorporation

One Paragraph of project description goes here

### Prerequisites

- nodejs Installed 
- npm install -g @vue/cli OR yarn global add @vue/cli    

### Installing

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

Demo: https://vic-solution-admin.netlify.app/

## Running the tests

Vic solution ESL Learning System Operated in teachers to manipulate students information and storing information


## Built With

* [Vuejs](https://vuejs.org/) - The frontend framework
* [Hasura](http://hasura.io/) - Hasura Graphql backend production ready


## Authors

* **Joshua Galit** - *Initial work* - [Josom Software, Inc.](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)
* **Jerome Joseph Villaruel** - *Initial work* - [Josom Software, Inc.](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)


See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/acatzk/esl-learning-admin/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Changed description in read me file

README.md, after:

# Vic Solution Incorporation

We victors the dream and make globally competitive learners and professionals. Unleash the breakthrough English literacy for young learners with the most authentic teaching approach. Real time strengthening of Business and Professionals in doing strong partnership strategically mentored from chosen SME's and partners. At Victor Airclass Solutions "We Outsourced, Deliver, Transform lives in community.

### Prerequisites

- [Nodejs Installation](https://nodejs.org/en/)

- [Vuejs Installation](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/installation.html)

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

Demo: https://vic-solution-admin.netlify.app/

## Running the tests

Vic solution ESL Learning System Operated in teachers to manipulate students information and storing information


## Built With

* [Vuejs](https://vuejs.org/) - The frontend framework
* [Hasura](http://hasura.io/) - Hasura Graphql backend production ready


## Authors

* **Joshua Galit** - *Initial work* - [Josom Software, Inc.](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)
* **Jerome Joseph Villaruel** - *Initial work* - [Josom Software, Inc.](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)


See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/acatzk/esl-learning-admin/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
